# Persistent-Homology-of-Mixed-Curvature-Network-Embeddings-in-Product-Spaces

### This is the code repository for Oliver's OMMS Thesis submitted to the University of Oxford.

The **CODE** folder contains Jupyter notebooks with code that produced the final figures and tables used in the paper, as well as updated versions of two public repositories that were used in our experiments. The **DATA** folder consists of all the .edge files for the real-world and synthetic datasets used in our experiments. The **EMBEDDINGS** folder contains the .pth files for the mixed-curvature embeddings in various product spaces obtained from running the Mixed-Curvature-Pathways-master code, as specified in their repository (with different combinations of dimennsions and number of copies of hyperbolic, spherical, and Euclidean spaces). The **RESULTS** folder contains the .csv files with the mAP and Distortion metrics achieved by each of the embeddings for the reconstruction tasks. **FINAL-RESULTS.csv** is a compilation of the final results for the PPI, Bitcoin, and College rael-world datasets used in the paper. The folder **RESULTS/figures** contains the all the figures used in the paper.

To replicate the results, make sure to download the edge files from the **DATA** folder, as well as the **Mixed-Curvature-Pathways-master** folder, and run **pytorch_hyperbolic.py** with the same parameters as specified in the .log files in the **RESULTS** folder. Then open and run the **experimental_results.ipynb** notebook to reproduce the figures found in the paper.
